{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20940\viewh13400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Our text book says, in section 2.5.3, that though we think we are rational beings making rational choices, recent research shows that we are easily overruled by our immediate emotions. In a few sentences give an example from the readings or from your knowledge of behavioral economics.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 \
An example of behavioral economics is people whom are asked to recall the Ten Commandments are generally more honest than people whom are not.  This indicates that people can be swayed to conduct certain actions should we desire.  Another example is the Babylonian law of "an eye for an eye".  The law was progressive as individuals whom followed it were now restricted to how much can be taken should something be taken from them.  This incites people previously had a tendency to take more.\
\
In section 3.5 there are several decision-making steps that call upon us to stop and pay attention to the rational voices within us. Please choose 3 steps in section 3.5 that you find most important to the group decision process. Explain why you chose them and how you might convince others to pay attention to these steps. \
\
The three steps I consider most important to the group decision making process are: \
1. Evaluate information\
	Take a step back and put things in perspective.  This is a step which is obvious but often lost.  Especially in the context of a group decision this is very important to get everyone on the same page.\
	I would convince others this important by going through all the information and seeing that not everyone has the same understanding of the information.  \
2. Consider how the decision may affect stakeholders.\
	This is important because we need to keep in mind when making a group decision how the decision affect everyone involved, not just the perspective of one's self.\
	I would convince other to follow this rule by asking them to consider how other people decision affect them and ask wouldn't they like those people to keep them in mind when they are making decisions?\
3. Determine the best course of action that takes into account relevant values and stakeholders' interests.\
	This is in a sense the combination of the previous two steps but is still very important because it brings everything together.  Doing each of the individual steps is important and necessary to achieve this third step but also cannot forget to bring everything together. \
	I would convince other to pay attention to this step by making the argument we need to bring all our decision making together. }