{\rtf1\ansi\deff1\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset128 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f1\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset128 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f3\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Helvetica{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset128 DejaVu Sans;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset128 Lohit Devanagari;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Lohit Devanagari;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red49\green49\blue49;\red0\green0\blue128;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs28\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af5\langfe2052\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1081\ai\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af7\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf3\ul\ulc0\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe255\hich\f1\fs24\lang255\loch\f1\fs24\lang255 Internet link;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern3200}}\deftab720
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\sl360\slmult0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0\cf2\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\fs26\loch\fs26{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.disabledperson.com/pages/108" }{\fldrslt \*\cs8\cf3\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang255\loch\f1\fs24\lang255 https://www.disabledperson.com/pages/108}}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf2\sl360\slmult0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs26\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs26\lang1033\loch\f1\fs26\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs26\lang1033\i0\b0 (1000 words or less) What are some things that you would do to improve your community? Please give specifics about your community now, and at least three things that you would do to improve it if you were given the resources to do so.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f4\fs24\lang1033\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab As a computer science college student in my senior year  generally do not view the phrase community in the conventional way.  From the perspective of student I am often moving, I often spend days in the community of my home town then traveling back to sch
ool spending time in the community I my university.  As a computer scientist I view the digital world I work in every day as much of a community as the physical communities I participate in.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe2052\hich\f4\fs24\lang1033\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab As someone who knows what it is like to be affected by a mental disability and the difficulty of overcoming it, I am ever grateful to those whom have helped me and I realize the need to help others overcome their own.  I realize how much various technolog
ies have help me overcome own disability and in an effort to most effectively help others overcome their own disabilities I have begun coordinating the assembly of a  developer community focused on building solution for those whom are disabled.  Developer 
communities are generally organization which develop software free for people to modify and distribute as they see fit.  While these communities are not known to most people, their effects on the world over the past 30 years have been rather profound.  Exa
mple of these communities include The Apache Foundation, GNU, Berkeley Software Distribution, The Free Software Foundation and many more.  }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab The lack of proprietary licensing for the software enables more rapid development, unrestricted use and ultimately a community focused on build this form of software will have a proactive effect on the community of persons with disabilities }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab Currently I have build a web site for the organization {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://muldowneyfoudation.org/" }{\fldrslt \*\cs8\cf3\ul\ulc0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\f1\fs24\lang255\loch\f1\fs24\lang255 http://muldowneyfoudation.org}}, moved the internal workings of the organization into the cloud and I have requited UIUC capstone team to build the community and am working on building application to he
lp the disabled as well.  The capstone group is being mentored by father, also an active member in the Muldowney Foundation, and the students are receiving credit through the computer science projects class which completed last past fall.  }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe2052\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f4\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \tab I currently have the resources and I am actively working toward building a community focused on building solutions for those with disabilities.  }
\par }