{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17020\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Respond to #1, #2, and/or #3 of the following three sets of questions about Infowar in Chapter 5, section 5. 14. Explain your reasoning, using moral principles or codes of ethics. (Do more than one set if your answer is very short)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 #1. Should we change the rules of war to allow [the otherwise criminal] destruction of civilian as well as military computer systems during a military attack? Can we retaliate with physical force to a computer-executed attack? Will we know who attacked us?\
#2. It is ethical to break into banking systems to prevent tyrants and war criminals from misusing money? When should our country justifiably consider attacking the information infrastructure of another country? How is disrupting another nation\'92s information infrastructure different from cutting off its supply of natural resources?\
Like many things it depends on the circumstance and the ethical line is generally not set stone but continually evolving as the knowledge of mankind grows.  In the US a warrant must be acquired to do such an act (at least with US citizens) and due practice must be followed.  In the case of tyrants or war criminals this is again a grey area, in my opinion the line should be drawn based on whether or not they are affecting the innocent civilians of other nations.  \
In the case of a country such as North Korea which has Nuclear arms at it disposal and the ability to kill a large portion of the worlds population, if indication are made that the country will be using it's deadly arms in the near future at that it is just to attack the infrastructure of the country.   In the case of simply gaining a competitive edge in the global economy we live in today, this is a situation where it is not justifiable to attach the information infrastructure of another country.  \
As dependent as we are on information infrastructure today, it's not!\
	\
\
#3. How should spying into foreign government and business systems be conducted in peacetime? When does passive snooping cross the line and become outright aggression?\
}