{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Pick one of the names listed below--each one had a part in the development of computers and the internet.\
In a few paragraphs, and in your *own words*, tell a bit about the person, the time, and contribution involved. Why did that development/contribution take place at that time-- was there a war going on, for example, or was the person a rare genius who was way ahead of his/her time? What need did that person fill? Had you heard of this person before? Were you aware of his/her contribution? What did the contribution lead to? Add anything else you'd like to report about the person.\
Pick one:\uc0\u8232 1. Vinton Cerf\u8232 2. Vannevar Bush \u8232 3. Herman Hollerith\u8232 4. Alan Turing\u8232 5. Tim Berners-Lee\u8232 6. Sandra Lerner\u8232 7. Lee De Forest\u8232 8. Anita Borg\u8232 9. Michael Hart \
Alan Turing is considered the father of computer science and artificial intelligence.  During World War II he worked at a British government code breaking center.  His section was responsible for German naval cryptanalysis.  \
Turing most notable work was that of the 'Universal Turing Machine', a revolutionary idea which still exists today as a central part of the theory of computation.  In his time, most of Turing's work was under appreciated.  \
I have heard of Alan Turing's work before.  During the Theory of Computation course CS373 here at UIUC we studied extensively the Universal Turing Machine.  Many proof were build on this concept and it remains one of the most interesting concepts I have learned through out my academic career.  \
The contributions of Allan Turing have lead to vibrant computational era we live in to day.  His work has laid the foundation for formal computational science and has enabled us to build the immensely intricate electronic devices we use commonly today.    }