{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Refer to Chapter 5. Look at the arguments about whether or not individuals should be permitted to remain anonymous in cyberspace. Should people always take responsibility for their words and actions? Are there circumstances where anonymity is justifiable and important? Explain how your own viewpoint is firmly rooted in ethics. Use examples to back up your arguments. You might want to use blogs, responses to blogs, and responses to news items as examples.\
\
Weather or not an individual should be able to remain anonymous in cyberspace depends on the circumstances.  If this is a government portal acting acting as a publicly provided service, this is a situation where an individual should be able to remain anonymous.  In the case of a random blog site, should the owner of the blog site decide to allow persons to be anonymous than the person who post should have the ability to keep their identities hidden.\
\
As with everything in life there is a balance, sites hosting terrorist activity intended to harm innocent civilian should of course be monitored to protect innocent from being being however how far does this extend.  A loose of definition of this may allow popular services such as gmail to be monitored, rendering all person who the service open for investigation at no wrong doing or devious plotting by them selves.  In the end this a grey area that we must continually draw the line in, too lenient and innocent persons privacy becomes violated, too strict and the persons wishing to do harm are free conduct business in cyber space unrestricted.   }