{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27040\viewh13960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 See the the Case Study, "Texting a Scoreboard Message," at the end of Chapter 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 You do not need to summarize the situation. Your response needs to contain only two parts:\
Three suggested guidelines for the employees, and why you think they will help.\
Your evaluation of what rules of netiquette/etiquette were violated by the person who sent in the text message. Refer to Chapter 2 in our text: Pick one system of ethics and briefly state how the text violated that school of thought. \
	When posting messages to the scoreboard, please validate all message contain 
\i no
\i0  sexual content.  Any mention of male or female genitalia or remarks referring to sexual acts are strictly forbidden.  Please validate all remarks are free of profanities such a F#*@, Sh@#, A!#.  Any work which conventionally may be viewed as a profanity must  be censored.  Lastly the messages should not attack specific individuals or groups.  Announcement are meant for informing of such as a birthday or anniversary.  \
	These three guidelines will help moderators sensor confrontational messages and avoid future lawsuits.  The sexual content guideline will prevent issues such as the one in the case study.  The profanity guideline will prevent individuals from using curse words.  The attack on specific individuals or groups guidelines will help prevent political and confrontational messages to appear as well.  Although this set of rules are not water tight in preventing unwanted messages on the board they do need to be viewed as guidelines and the desecration of the moderator ultimately decides what is and isn't posted.  \
	When examining the Libertarian Theory it is apparent that the rights of the individual are most important to protect.  The message posted on the board clearly violates the rights of the individual and should not have been posted according to their system of ethics.  }