{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12000\viewh13960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 Use 2 paragraphs or the equivalent.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Examine the Software Engineering Codes of Ethics in section 3.10.1. Compare it with the American Library Association Code in section 3.10.2 \uc0\u8232 Answer these questions: \u8232 1. List two ways that the two codes emphasize similar values. \u8232 2. How can we best educate CS students about these codes?\u8232 3. How would you enforce such a code? Choose one example from law or medicine or similar to make your point. \
\
	The two codes emphasize similar values in regard to to the quality of their products.  Each code states with a unique phrasing that the code must meet highest professional standards.  As well, both codes state that co-workers should be treated with respect.  \
	The question of how to 
\i best
\i0  educate students about these codes has no definitive solution.  A good approach is to have the students write a few short paragraphs comparing and contrasting codes.  In doing so the students will be required to read both codes in depth contemplating the logical meaning of the two codes.  Another more computer science oriented approach might entail the students writing "proofs" the two codes are "ethical" having them define ethical and building their proof from there.  \
	You can never fully enforce something like this.  The codes should be considered generally guidelines that all people should try to follow.  Laws such as copyright laws may be based off a code similar to these but we obviously are not able (nor should we be able) to properly enforce laws like.}